#Step 1 - Getting started 

As everything that I started anew, I start with Google or Wikipedia. But this video is what exactly getting me started with.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh_wpWj0AzM

And I do not think the rise of the East would preclude people from trusting Illumina especially when it comes to molecular biology analysis. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRf9ubRennk

In my learning style it is essential to know what is happening in the black box so that I know which step I can be sloppy and which I can't. So even if I am not preparing the library and run the sequencer myself I am interested to listen to the application specialist from Illumina speaking at Cold Spring Habour. The video is 5 years old but it is still very relevant.

And then I was off to some command line learning.

https://www.coursera.org/learn/genomic-tools/

I am also familiar with building computer from parts so I did some digging and found out that my secondary i7-4790k with 16Gb DDR3 might be ok to do the jobs for me so I skipped the AWS cloud computing for now

https://www.biostars.org/p/369231/

I will have to tell you that cause I started learning NGS when I am working on two projects for an established pharamceutical, I am relatively abundant in terms of funding, so when you need to consider how you are going to proceed, you need to do a C/P analysis. 

In the school, you are assigned for one single project and you are expected to know everything related to that one particular area as the back of your hand, you do every single step on your own. What you have is time, space, and access to equipment. What you don't have is money and alternatives that go against your PI. In industrial setting, what you have and don't have are quite the opposite, and this is somehow why the industry are relutant in directly taking in well-trained people from academia because the calculation in C/P would be quite off. For example, I am working in a super limited time frame with multiple projects going on. To get things done you need to stick with science and knowledge which has no corners to cut, and therefore you gotta pay for the technical part to exchange for the time in the science part. In the case of RNA-Seq I out-source the library 
